
README          {#mainpage}
======

[TOC]

The Html Ascii Markup (HAM) library provides a simple framework for building
user interfaces from ASCII boxes.

This documentation has been generated by making use of Doxygen @cite doxygen.

Installation	{#install}
============

Dependencies	{#dependencies}
------------

HAM depends on the following programs and libraries available in standard repositories:

- A webserver, e.g., Apache
- PHP5
- GNU make (for developer documentation)
- bibtex (for developer documentation)
- doxygen (for developer documentation)
- links2 (optional text browser)

On Ubuntu systems the following command should install
most of the required dependencies:

	sudo apt-get install apache2 php5 libapache2-mod-php5 make doxygen links2

## Clone the HAM git repository {#clone} ##

	git clone TODO

## Test HAM installation (recommended) ##

Link the user documentation to your web directory and access it from your
favorite browser, for example:

	ln -s ham /var/www/html/ham
	links2 http://localhost/ham

## Build the developer documentation (optional) ##

Enter the newly cloned local copy and build the documentation:

	cd ham && make doc

Usage                   {#usage}
=====

Just include .... TODO

Makefile targets        {#targets}
================

| Target     | Action                   |
| -------    | -------                  |
| all        | Build all                |
| doc        | Developer documentation  |
| clean      | Remove temporary files   |
| dist-clean | Remove all Make products |

Directory structure	{#structure}
===================

The HAM root directory has the following subdirectories with special meaning:

Directory | Description
--------- | -----------
css       | CSS style files
doc       | Documentation
examples  | Simple example projects
src       | Source code

Contribute		{#contribute}
==========

Contributions are welcome at all levels. Especially security related testing
and hardening is very desired.

If you want to contribute please [contact me](#contact).

Bug reports             {#bugreports}
-----------

You can find a list of all reported (and open) bugs [here](@ref bugs).

Please make sure that the browser you are using is on the
[list of fully supported browsers](#browsers) before submitting a bug report.

You can use the [bug report form](#bugform) for submitting unexpected behavior,
failing, bad, and/or dangerous code.

If that is not an option for you, please mail your bug report to the
[via mail](#bugmail).

### Form                {#bugform}

TODO

### Email               {#bugmail}

Mail to: bugs@commandlinebeauty.com

The email should obey the following rules:

* the subject must start with "HAM - " (without quotes)
* followed by a short but meaningful bug title (example: "HAM - unintended extra char at the right side of rendered layout")
* omit greeting phrases but end the mail with an empty line followed by some name
* start the mail with a short description of the problem followed by an empty line
* include a line (enclosed by empty lines) stating your browser and its version in the following format:
	Browser: Firefox (56.0)
* attach files for reproducing the bug (use exactly these filenames):
	- index.php: The main file producing the bug
	- content.txt: The text file loaded by index.php

Your mail address as well as the content of your bug report might be publicly
visible. Please use the [bug report form](#bugform) if the former is not desired.

Donations
---------

At the moment this is an one-man project and I need to make a living.
Therefore I am often not able to work on my private projects as much as I would
like to. If you like this projects, or other projects of mine (see
<http://www.commandlinebeauty.com/projects/>), you can help me by donating to
this address:

TODO

If you prefer to be sure that your money is invested in development time for
the Html Ascii Markup (HAM) project only, please send your donation to this
address instead:

TODO

About			{#about}
=====

This Html Ascii Markup parser has been developed from a need of a framework
for creating simple user interfaces in very short time. TODO

License                 {#license}
-------

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify     
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published 
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or     
(at your option) any later version.                                      
                                                                         
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,          
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of           
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the            
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.                      
                                                                         
You should have received a
[copy of the GNU Affero General Public License](@ref agplv3)
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.    

Contact			{#contact}
-------

For HAM related issues (please use the [buglist](#buglist) for bug reports):
	dev@commandlinebeauty.com

For general requests:
	root@commandlinebeauty.com

